[Music]
in 1971 Roger and Carolyn Perron move
into a dilapidated farmhouse in
Harrisville Rhode Island with their five
daughters their dog Sadie refuses to
enter the house and one of the children
while playing a game of hide-and clap
finds a boarded-up entrance to a cellar
paranormal events occur within the first
few nights all of the clock stopped at
exactly 307 am and Sadie is found dead
in the backyard one night in bed one of
the daughters Christine encounters a
malevolent spirit only she can see
prompting her to claim that the spirit
wants her family dead another night
Carolyn hears clapping in the hallway
when she goes to investigate following
the noises she gets trapped in the
basement by the spirit at the same
moment Andrea and Cindy are attacked by
the spirit on top of the Wardrobe
Carolyn decides to contact demonologists
Edie and Lorraine Warren who have
recently investigated a possessed doll
called Annabelle the Warrens agreed to
take on the case conduct the initial
investigation and conclude that the
house may require an exorcism but they
need authorization from the Catholic
Church and further evidence before they
can proceed ed and Lorraine discover
that the house once belonged to an
accused witch Bathsheba who sacrificed
her week old child to the devil and
killed herself in 1863 after cursing all
who would take her land they find
reports of numerous murders and suicides
in houses that had since been built on
the property to gather evidence ed and
Lorraine place cameras and bells around
the house they see Cindy sleepwalking
into Andrea's room and from the EVPs
coming from the radio the hear a spirit
luring Cindy into the Wardrobe where she
reveals a secret passage inside Lorraine
enters the passage and follows through
the floorboards to the cellar where she
sees the spirit of a woman whom
Bathsheba had long ago possessed and
used to kill her child the Perrin family
decides to take refuge at a motel while
ed and Lorraine take their evidence to
the church the Warrens daughter Judy is
attacked in their own home by Bathsheba
though ed arrives in time to save her
Carolyn now possessed by bathsheba takes
Christine and April back to the house ed
and Lorraine find Carolyn of the cellar
trying to stab Christine after tying
Carolyn to a chair ed decides that an
exorcism needs to be performed on
Carolyn but realizes there isn't enough
time to wait for a priest to arrive and
decides to perform the exorcism himself
and in the process is attacked by
Bathsheba though carolyn escapes and
attempts to kill April Lorene is able to
distract Carolyn from killing her
daughter by reminding her of a special
memory she shared with her family
allowing ed to complete the exorcism say
Carolyn and April and lifting
Bathsheba's curse forever returning home
Loraine tells ad that they had been left
a message saying that they had gained
approval from the Catholic Church to
perform the exorcism they also have
another case to investigate on Long
Island
before leaving ed adds a music box from
the parents house to a collection of
items he and Lorraine have saved from
past cases it inexplicably opens and
plays music until the screen cuts to
black
[Music]